docs(cloudformation-module): Improve Docs (#1090)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-java: docs/utilities/custom_resources.md

## Usage

To utilise the feature, extend the `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` class in your Lambda handler class.  

> After you extend the `AbstractCustomResourceHandler`, implement and override the following 3 methods: `create`, `update` and `delete`. The `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` invokes the right method according to the CloudFormation [custom resource request event](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, implement and override the following 3 methods: `create`, `update` and `delete`. The `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` invokes the right method according to the CloudFormation [custom resource request event](
```

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/crpg-ref-requests.html) it receives.  
Inside the methods, implement your custom provisioning logic, and return a `Response`. The `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` takes your `Response`, builds a
[custom resource responses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/crpg-ref-responses.html) and sends it to CloudFormation automatically.  

Custom resources notify cloudformation either of `SUCCESS` or `FAILED` status. You have 2 utility methods to represent these responses: `Response.success(physicalResourceId)` and `Response.failed(physicalResourceId)`.  
The `physicalResourceId` is an identifier that is used during the lifecycle operations of the Custom Resource.  

> You should generate a `physicalResourceId` during the `CREATE` operation, CloudFormation stores the `physicalResourceId` and includes it `UPDATE` and `DELETE` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should generate a `physicalResourceId` during the `CREATE` operation, CloudFormation stores the `physicalResourceId` and includes it in `UPDATE` and `DELETE` events.
```

        UpdateResult updateResult = doUpdates(physicalResourceId);
        if(updateResult.isSuccessful()){ //check if the update operations were successful
            return Response.success(physicalResourceId);
        }else{
            return Response.failed(physicalResourceId);
        }
    }

    @Override
    protected Response delete(CloudFormationCustomResourceEvent deleteEvent, Context context) {
        String physicalResourceId = deleteEvent.getPhysicalResourceId(); //Get the PhysicalResourceId from CloudFormation
        DeleteResult deleteResult = doDeletes(physicalResourceId);
        if(deleteResult.isSuccessful()){ //check if the delete operations were successful
            return Response.success(physicalResourceId);
        }else{
            return Response.failed(physicalResourceId);
        }
    }
}
```

### Missing `Response` and exception handling

If a `Response` is not returned by your code, `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` defaults the response to `SUCCESS`.  
If your code raises an exception (which is not handled), the `AbstractCustomResourceHandler` defaults the response to `FAILED`.

> In both of the scenarios, powertools-java will assign the `physicalResourceId` based on the following logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both of the scenarios, powertools-java will return the `physicalResourceId` to CloudFormation based on the following logic:
```

- if present, use the `physicalResourceId` provided in the `CloudFormationCustomResourceEvent`

> - if it is not present, use the `LogStreamName` from the Lambda context

Reviewer: I think we could be more explicit here. The `physicalResourceId` will only be missing for CREATE - "For CREATE operations, the logStreamName will be used. For UPDATE and DELETE, the physicalResourceId previously given by the custom resource to CloudFormation will be provided, back to the handler.", or something

#### Why do you need a physicalResourceId?

> It is recommended that you always provide a `physicalResourceId` in your response because `physicalResourceId` has a crucial role in the lifecycle of a CloudFormation custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you always explicitly provide a `physicalResourceId` in your response rather than letting powertools generate if for you because `physicalResourceId` has a crucial role in the lifecycle of a CloudFormation custom resource.
```

    @Override
    protected Response create(CloudFormationCustomResourceEvent createEvent, Context context) {
        String physicalResourceId = "my-policy-name-" + UUID.randomUUID(); //Create a unique ID 
        Policy policy = new Policy();
        return Response.builder()
                .status(Response.Status.SUCCESS)
                .physicalResourceId(physicalResourceId)
                .value(policy)
                .objectMapper(policyMapper) // customize serialization
                .build();
    }
}
```

## Advanced

### Understanding the CloudFormation custom resource lifecycle

While the library provides an easy-to-use interface, we recommend that you understand the lifecycle of CloudFormation custom resources before using them in production.

#### Creating a custom resource
When CloudFormation issues a CREATE on a custom resource, there are 2 possible states: `CREATE_COMPLETE` and `CREATE_FAILED`

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: This is sweet! I had no idea you could embed un-rendered diagrams into github markdown like this 🙌

Reviewer: Do we know that it'll render out properly into the documentation website too?

Author: Yes it works, I validated locally following the guidance here https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll?platform=mac

stateDiagram
    direction LR
    createState: Create custom resource
    [*] --> createState
    createState --> CREATE_COMPLETE 
    createState --> CREATE_FAILED
``` 

If the resource is created successfully, the `physicalResourceId` is stored by CloudFormation for future operations.  
If the resource failed to create, CloudFormation triggers a rollback operation by default (rollback can be disabled, see [stack failure options](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/stack-failure-options.html))

#### Updating a custom resource
CloudFormation issues an UPDATE operation on a custom resource only when one or more custom resource properties change.
During the update, the custom resource may update successfully, or may fail the update.
```mermaid
stateDiagram
    direction LR
    updateState: Update custom resource
    [*] --> updateState
    updateState --> UPDATE_COMPLETE 
    updateState --> UPDATE_FAILED
``` 

In both of these scenarios, the custom resource can return the same `physicalResourceId` it received in the CloudFormation event, or a different `physicalResourceId`.  

> Semantically an `UPDATE_COMPLETE` that returns the same `physicalResourceId` it received, means that the existing resource was updated successfully.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semantically an `UPDATE_COMPLETE` that returns the same `physicalResourceId` it received indicates that the existing resource was updated successfully.  
```
